Doc starrocks.partial_update parameter (#1916)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/guides/sink-to-starrocks.md

| starrocks.password | The password associated with the user. |
| starrocks.database | The StarRocks database where the target table is located |
| starrocks.table | The StarRocks table you want to sink data to. |

> | starrocks.partial_update | Optional. If `true`, the [partial update optimization](https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/sql-reference/sql-statements/data-manipulation/UPDATE/#partial-updates-in-column-mode-since-v31) feature of StarRocks will be enabled. This improves ingestion performance when a small number of columns but a large number of rows need to be updated.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| starrocks.partial_update | Optional. If you set the value to "true", the partial update optimization feature of StarRocks will be enabled. This feature enhances ingestion performance in scenarios where there is a need to update a large number of rows with only a small number of columns. You can learn more about this feature in the [partial update optimization](https://docs.starrocks.io/docs/sql-reference/sql-statements/data-manipulation/UPDATE/#partial-updates-in-column-mode-since-v31) section of the StarRocks documentation.|
```

| DATETIME | TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE |
| No support | TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE（Can be converted to timestamp in RisingWave then sinked into StarRocks ）|
| No support | INTERVAL |
| JSON | STRUCT |
| ARRAY | ARRAY |
| No support | BYTEA |

> | JSONB | JSONB |

Reviewer 2: The first is json
